we got why don't really wanna do the
work today I don't really want to do the
work today I don't really wanna do it
today I don't wanna do the work today
oh hello students well I'm guessing
you're here because it's class time and
I'm your teacher but bad news there's no
class today yeah just not feeling
motivated enough to put together a
lesson and that's what today's lesson is
all about staying unmotivated you see
the script right here blank and if i
play my cards right it's gonna stay that
way because [__] motivation the world's
a big stinky piece of [__] right now so
I don't have to care you want to see
just how unmotivated I really am take a
look at this comment blah blah blah blah
loominatee reference while I'm jumping
on ding-dongs in conclusion just think
of something negative about Ted Cruz and
that's what I meant to type here and not
even post just gonna leave it there cuz
I don't feel like it [__] anybody got a
mic yeah whoa oh cool thank you well the
game didn't like that let me just check
out this lesson plan I'm supposed to be
working on and yeah still blank that's
because video games are an excellent way
to hide from your responsibilities plus
it makes the game less fun knowing that
as soon as you're done playing you're
gonna have a ton of work waiting for you
put not this guy see I'm done with video
games but I'm still not gonna get [__]
done you see my to-do list over there I
don't even remember writing that list
that's how not done all of those things
are ways I could film nord pass ad now I
did that a couple of weeks ago I guess I
just wasn't motivated enough to cross it
off and I'm still not
you should probably play that ad though
that they paid me for that alright
here's the ad this lesson is brought to
you by node past comm slash big money
broaden can I have your Netflix password
I want to give it to Amber who is Amber
you don't know her she's my friend from
high school yeah I see tell her this you
shall know it pass uh-huh you shall not
pass
okay what's going on oh so no keep your
password safe with your past calm slash
big money
[__] either long pass that calms such
big money stores all of your passwords
in one safe encrypted layer a place that
you will set no orphan sorry amber just
wants to watch Tiger Kane passed calm
slash big money can be used to generate
secure passwords that go far beyond
whatever follies you can think of you
full earned with user-friendly mobile
apps you have your secure passwords
everywhere looking so great how come you
can't share passwords oh I can with
North past comm such big money you can
share passwords securely so that no
snooping eyes just sent the information
okay we share with amber no you show
go to Nord past coms last big money an
nto email to get one month of Nord past
premium for free or use called big money
tend to claim 10% off a two-year plan
thank you note pass for sponsoring this
lesson
[Music]
[Applause]
Martini's tastes so much better when
you're not doing anything man I love
wasting my time watching [__] like this
this video has my seal of approval I got
fired today so I needed this right now
Mayo oh my god choked on my pizza all
done what's up Shawn cool concept
terribly done and you have done well
sorry for having an opinion at standing
it oh wait no I'm not also [__] you oh
okay man you're way too motivator right
now you gotta chill out and whatever I
want to get unmotivated I just
remembered no matter how many things I
get done in life there will always be
more and more things to do until I'm
just not physically able to do them
anymore that list will never be empty
and some people like that idea they call
it life for something but how does that
give me time for video games oh [__] my
wife's boyfriend just showed up I better
get off the family computer put the kids
to bed and low-effort post well that
almost started to feel like work I do
not like that because that leads to
motivation and you know what I like to
do when I get a little tiny bit of
motivation I suddenly just drown myself
in brand new projects before I finished
any of the ones I'm currently working on
that's why I just launched this
Kickstarter for a novel berry murder
mystery called murder on stage 17 B
forget this six hundred and fifty
thousand dollars now I have no script no
idea of even how to make a movie and
some of these reward tiers promise
physical goods like blu-rays and other
[__] well except for this one pledge $5
or more get constant updates on what all
the people who gave more money are
getting but the rest of these put a lot
of pressure on me to make sure I don't
let anyone down in case this thing gets
funded which it won't but the pressure
of it will be looming over me Wendy
motivating me while I try to get other
stuff done you know how much that makes
me want to retreat back into my shell of
video games a lot hey you guys want to
see what the 1% is doing to us
that drop it's safe son oh you got me
but I got this guy oh nice my
Kickstarter trailers ready hello welcome
to DeNoble very movie kickstarter I'm
asking for your help to fund this
project so I don't have to work for the
rest of the year all I'm saying is if
you give this thing money you have a
problem I didn't even write a
description for the project I just paste
it in lorem ipsum hey if I really want
to crippled my motivation I'll get
everybody on Twitter hyped up about this
movie before I even know if I can do it
or not so excited to share my brand new
project been working for a long time on
this one that's a lion tweet just back
there out to bear in the first 10
backers immediately regretted it but
proud mad money oh no don't give it
money or any smackeroos towards you big
man now go bury forever oh don't give it
money wait to see the video that
explains this bit oh [__] you just went
up $400 no I'd stop giving it money I'm
gonna have to make the [__] movie if
you're funded is this Loki another Nord
VPN calm slash big money yet actually
today's lesson is brought to you by Nord
past comm slash big money and reply
alright now it's time to promise a bunch
of [__] that I know I can't do well Ted
Cruz have a cameo yes reply well nubile
borsky be in it too totally and reply
will other youtubers be in it put
idubbbz in it okay I'll put a minute and
reply I pray to God this movie makes me
gay it will and reply can I expect
titties there will be lots of titties
and replies can this explain why my
parents got divorced it absolutely will
and reply hey man stop funding this
project is this real boy I sure hope not
now if you're still having problems
staying unmotivated here's a neat little
trick that you can try just go to
reddit.com and just scroll up and down
like a [__] zombies spend half your
day doing this [__] first stupid [__]
reddit oh you see that it pulled me
right in you can waste so much [__]
time on this dumb [__] website plus
you can get through emotionless
arguments with people to trigger them
see triggering people is like the
opposite of motivation but it's
contagious critics poll Goodfellas named
best movie of the 1990s oh ho I'm gonna
trigger some people in here lol no
American Beauty good oh yeah here we go
America
is what got me into filmmaking it might
be the best movie ever made whether your
issue is with the actor the subject
matter or the way it's aged it was truly
one of a kind when it came out and reply
see that I acted like an annoying little
film snob probably the easiest person to
argue with on the internet well which is
wait til that get some responses but
stink
what the [__] all right maybe I could
reel this guy in I'll bet you're a blast
at parties with that response to debate
and reply my butthole smells like poop
stop it my poop hole stinks like butt
leave me alone wanna be friends now poop
are my [__] yeah Oh what is that guy's
problem I didn't like that at all
ah that makes me want to go back to work
wait a second oh just as I thought
accidently got a little bit of work done
there no no no no no pretend you never
saw that we're staying unmotivated and
the key to staying unmotivated is the
moment you feel motivation to take
control you squash it with the ultimate
time killer porn the love between two
dragons oh man I can't show that [__]
the link said free fee bucks
these are wyvern now misleading title
it's too wiper and [__] it a Dean as
a wiper and also I do love the dragon
and wyvern port it is wonderful I just
came here to say that you're all [__]
degenerate and will never get any real
[__] in your entire sad miserable
little life she's our wyverns well
nothing says waste of time like posting
a comment on a porn video I was just
about to send some work emails but then
I found this [__] now I don't think I
can use my computer ever again what's
the point when I've seen how great it
would be to roam through the forest it's
a big dick dragon just banging out Lady
Dragons how are you guys not all talking
about how jealous you are of these
dragons I mean I know they're not real
but that just makes it more frustrating
maybe there's a black market surgeon who
can graph lizard's skin over my body and
give me wings but then I'll be the only
dragon and it's not dragon sex unless
there's two dragons oh well guess I'll
just add it to the list of things I
would be motivated to do if they were
possible and post and I'll tab to the
script oh that's right I closed this
script because I knew I wasn't gonna get
any more work done on it tonight
haha doesn't get more unmotivated than
that and just in case after all this
you're still somehow feeling motivated
you can always fall back on this
old-school classic go to twitter.com and
see what other people's problems you can
get mad about and then when all that's
over I just go to bed and wait at
commend to get the big money space race
part 2 was blocked in America last night
it seems to hang on no they wouldn't do
that oh my god they really did they took
the video now the whole video has been
taken down MZ Media who the [__] are you
I will burn your company to cinders and
salt the earth with my piss how dare you
motivate me I make money sell via king
of the Pais typing out comments all damn
night
Martin sprout
is a son of a [__] when I finished
making fun of him I thought Thomas ding
blop bloop still not doing [__]
Oh who's calling me there to hear about
Little Richard yeah he died I get it yes
why were you calling me about him then
I'm just gonna tell you concert tickets
to go see him Oh bro concerts are dead
too
[Music]
[Applause]